Welcome to release 060124 of osh!

Osh(1) is an enhanced, backward-compatible reimplementation of the
Thompson shell from Sixth Edition Unix (circa 1975).  It is derived
from osh-020214/osh.c, which was written by Gunnar Ritter.  However,
it should be noted that the original implementation of the Thompson
shell was written by Ken Thompson of Bell Labs.

In addition to the Thompson-shell reimplementation, this package
also includes:

	fd2(1) - a utility to redirect file descriptor 2

	goto(1) - transfer command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	if(1) - conditional command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	sh6(1) - a port of the Thompson shell from Sixth Edition Unix

	glob6(1) - global command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

The NOTES_osh and NOTES_sh6 files give additional information about
this software, including some historical and compatibility notes.
However, see the manual pages for full details.

--------
INSTALL:
The following steps should suffice to build/install osh and its
supporting utilities, if, goto, and fd2:

	1) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	2) Type `make' to compile osh, if, goto, and fd2.

	3) Optionally, type `make check' to run a minimal test suite.
	   *) This should be done as a regular user, not the superuser.

	4) Type `make install' to install the binaries and manual pages.

If you also wish to build/install the sh6 port:

	5) Type `make sh6port' to compile sh6 and glob6.

	6) Type `make install-sh6port' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

--------
This software should build and work correctly on any POSIX-compliant
Unix system.  In particular, it is currently developed, maintained,
and tested by the developer on NetBSD, OpenBSD, and Mac OS X.  In
the past, it has also been successfully tested on FreeBSD and on
various distributions of GNU/Linux.

If you think you may have found a bug, before reporting it, please
try to reproduce it with the latest version of the code.  With bug
reports, please try to ensure that enough information to reproduce
the problem is enclosed.  Also, if a known fix for it exists then
please include that as well.  All bug reports should be sent to the
following email address:
	jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org

If you have any questions about this software, I encourage you to
contact me via email.  Enjoy!

Jeffrey Allen Neitzel
jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org
http://jneitzel.sdf1.org/osh/
